hey guys mr. Salz least for you and
today we're going to be doing a rock
with the unboxing of the xbox live at 12
month dog membership this is literally
going to be a quick unboxing but I
thought it'd just be another video to
remind you that I am now on Xbox Live
add me at mr. 764 uh there will be a
title just and wallah so let's just
click on box to remind you of that and
and just show you what you get so
obviously I got this from Amazon just
rubbish there twenty nine pounds
ninety-nine pence here in the UK and 49
dollars 98 in the US okay so the box
itself is just a light sort of pouch I
suppose and cellophane wrap so you've
got Xbox play games online with friends
that's the the basic name here at 12
months gold membership and we've got
online services written on the back
there the links for both Amazon US and
UK will be in the description down below
for your convenience so please do click
down there
to view this item this is the best price
I can find on the Internet at the moment
it's 40 pounds or 60 bucks if you buy
this from Amazon themselves or on the X
up front and themself from Xbox
themselves on the Xbox Marketplace okay
so let's just slide this out moment I
believe is just literally going to
contain a card okay so it's literally
just a card in here just there you won't
be seeing the code on this act or not
going to show you the back but there's a
code on the back I'll put that in please
add me out Pam line with me oh we've
playing Call of Duty Forza FIFA 13 a
sabbatical Christmas time hopefully and
stuff like that just zoom in show the
card up close and that's about it guys
please check out the video that we at
the end of this video please comment and
like down below subscribe if you're new
show your friends so they can enjoy
playing xbox with me as well
that is about it thank you very much for
watching peace light so let's open it up
see what we've got inside